Sense: using AI to cluster open ended STEM assignments

What are the takeaways: 

	1) it provides insights into the data helping you, as an instructor, make the course content
	   clearer and pinpointing areas where students might not be quite catching on

	2) provides personalized feedback, on things like design, to help students learn more effectively

Because we're able to quickly pattern match and create clusters of the data, we not only highlight information
in the data that might've previously been opaque, we speed up the entire process and bring automation and a mechanism
for scaling.

1) Let's first move our problem sets and create a new assignment

2) And what do we immediately see? We see that there are two groups, one
   of which, Y, represents uncompilable submissions. Of course, a simple code correctness
   program provided to students before submitting would do the same, but we can delve 
   a bit deeper.

3) Introduce a pattern; something all problem sets should have. For this, choose inputs.

	: After we introduce a pattern, let's regroup.

	: What do we see when we regroup? We see that Sense is granular enough to determine
	  multiple input statements.

		: Even this insight is useful - in terms of design, especially in a beginner programming
		  course, it's clearly suboptimal to reuse the same code multiple times when you don't
		  have to. For an instructor, this might be something, in terms of creating modular code, that 
		  needs to be reviewed.

	: Let's say we get tired of adding patterns ourselves, there's still lots to glean from these submissions,
	  so let's use pro:

4) Run Pro

5) Add more patterns to input type, each time trying to move to existing groups

	: start at left and keep adding patterns (should take a handful)

	: if I look at the completed demo, it's focused on not reusing code unnecessarily and effectively
	  using a conditional to output toe correct statement

	: what do we see -- eventually it's clear that group 2 never does any conversion, they simply ask for the 
	  user's BMI and print it out.

	  What we learn from this is that this subset of students simply didn't understand the 
	  assignment. This is an error in the content or the spec of the assignment, something that
	  can easily be remedied. And, in fact, we provide a means to prevent this kind of misunderstanding
	  or confusion when a student is doing the assignment.

	: What if you were a student rushing to get an assignment done -> create feedback / hints

	: show responsive assignments (take a responsive that doesn't exist, by constructing it from two disjoint assignments)

6) Can add goups together to create fewer groups

	: Instead of having to go through every assignment, you can add patterns and regroup, being confident that the
	  more patterns you add the fewer outliers there'll be.
