
- How do certificates work?

  -

	Let's say server A wants to send information to client B. Server A will encrypt a message
	with its private key and send it to B. B will then use the server's public key to decrypt the message.

	Key to this is there has to be some authetication of the public key and this comes in the form of 
	provider who guarantee the authenticity of a certificate. These companies verify that the public
	key being used by client B does, in fact, belong to server A. 

	Without this verification, a malicious user could encrypt a message and pass it off to a client; if 
	the client then uses an incorrect public key, it might mistakenly believe it is communicating with
	a trusted source instead of some unknown third party.

  - 

	Something to keep in mind is the time it takes to user certain encrption methods. In general, RSA
	encryption-decryption is going to take much longer than symmetric key encryption. For this reason, 
	most data transmission wants to make use of symmetric key encryption. The question, though, is how
	do two sources agree on a symmetric key without a third party becoming aware of it?

		- key to this is a combination of RSA and symmetric key encryption:

			1) use RSA to agree on some shared symmetric key (RSA Key Exchange)
			2) use shared symmetric key to encrypt future messages

-

  (a)

	A VPN is a virtual private network that can be used to connect to a private network across a shared, public network. 
	In terms of this article, let's say you want to work remotely - you don't necessarily want to access company material
	on a public network since this leaves communications susceptible to attacks, such as MitM attacks. Instead, you'd use
	a VPN to connect to your company's intranet, and once you're on this private network work securely. 

	Concretely, let's say you're using OpenSSH, a type of VPN. This'll establish a point-to-point connection from your client
	to some private network. Furthermore, it'll make sure your communications to the private network are encrypted. Thus, you'll
	have access to all the resources on your company's intranet and your communications will be encrypted. 

  (b)   

	As the paper suggests, using a VPN to connect to some company's intranet, and then once connected, allowing a user to work as 
	if they were no longer accessing resources remotely relies on a 'perimeter security model': if you can gain access to the company's 
	intranet, you're assumed to be a trusted user, while anyone outside the walls is deemed dangerous. The paper contends that this
	is an outdated model.

	Instead, BeyondCorp doesn't differentiate between some trusted company intranet vs. dangerous public internet. Instead, all access
	to company resources is regulated through a combination of device and user credentials, which specifies who gets access to what. Only
	"managed devices", managed through certificates, are allowed access to the company's network. Once you connect to the company's network,
	users are identified in a User database and given shortlived tokens. With these two levels of authentication, the company can, with more
	granularity, restrict who gets access to what; a valid device certificate is necessary to access the company's network, but after 
	that the user's credentials specify what he or she can do on the network (and these can be easily changed depending on job role,
	promotion, etc).
		
  (c)   

	I think what happens when someone tries to access a google application via some unsecured WIFI, for example while using WIFI at a coffee
	shop, is a public domain name for that application points to an access proxy through which the device's credentials and, later, the user's 
	credentials are checked. If the device is a valid managed device, access is granted and then the user's permissions are specified via their
	user credentials. What's key, here, is that the user isn't using a VPN to remotely connect to their company's intranet. Instead, everything
	is on the internet, access is simply regulated with the device's and the user's credentials. No longer is there this idea of a perimeter beyond
	which users are considered trusted. To simply gain access to the network depends on whether you have a trusted device, and then beyond that
	your individual credentials are what determine your level of access. 

  (d)

	I think the big ways a VPN provides protection, even from an ISP, is through encryption and location masking. So, if you're using a VPN like
	OpenSSH, since messages between a client and server are being sent in an encrypted way, it's not possible for an ISP to determine the content
	of the payload of the messages. 

	Furthermore, if you're accessing a website via a VPN, the IP address of the packets returned from the website will be that of the VPN provider.
	The VPN then correctly handles routing it to the user, thus masking your IP and location. (* CHECK *)

		(* QUESTION: How exactly does a VPN hide a user's IP address? Does the VPN route packets it gets to users who are connected to the
			     VPN? Is encryption used to secure the IP address? *)
