-

	What Host B could do is spoof Host C's IP address. Since Host A's ARP table is empty, when Host A wants to send a packet to C at
	IP address 192.168.1.4 it'll broadcast an ARP request to FF:FF:FF:FF:FF. IF B spoofs C's IP address, when B get's this broadcasted
	ARP request it'll respond with its own MAC address, which could then be put in A's ARP table. A will now associated B's MAC address
	with C's IP address and send future packets intended for C to B. (gratuitous ARP request)

-

	I learned in office hours that members of a subnet might broadcast an ARP request not only to resolve an IP address to a MAC address, 
	like above, but let's say a new computer 'Z' enters a network; when it does this, no other hosts on the netork know its IP or MAC addresses. 
	Instead of waiting for each host to broadcast a request, 'Z' might broadcast its information so everyone can update their ARP tables. 

	Since Host B only wants to affect Host A without damaging the connections of the other hosts on the subnet, it might be able to make
	use of this gratuitious ARP request, not broadcasted, but sent only to Host A. This directed request, only to A, will cause A to update
	its ARP table, replacing C's information with B's.

	https://www.quora.com/Can-I-have-two-IP-addresses-in-one-ARP-table
	(I think I remember from office hours that you can't have the same IP address resolve to multiple MAC addresses)

-

	Instead of B simply spoofing C's IP address, if B also changed its MAC address to C's MAC address, then packets sent by A should go
	to both B and C. (* this might work *)

	What might also be the answer - check the sender and dest addresses, and forward to C.

-

	What I first thought of was perhaps Host B could forward packets from A to C and vice versa, acting as a kind of middle man keeping
	track of packets passed between the two hosts. 

	Perhaps, though, what B can do is change its MAC address to that of C. Now, when A tries to send packets to C it'll also send them to
	B. B could also spoof A's IP address and try to trick C into updating its ARP table s.t. packets destined for A, from C, are instead
	sent to B. The downside to this is similar to above: A won't get any return packets and so might realize something is wrong.
	(* AGAIN, AASK ABOUT UPDATING BROADCAST ADDRESS; IT MIGHT AFFECT THIS *)

-

	(* since the IP is clearly not in the subnet, does host A immediately send the packet to the default gateway? *)

	If the above is the case, perhaps B could spoof the IP address of the default gateway, since this is where host A will be sending the
	packet.
