- The key to solving this is the intermediate state. What I do is iterate over possible IVs trying to 
  produce an 'incorrect command' since this means the padding on the plaintext is correct. Since I know
  the plaintext and the IV I chose, I can then, byte by byte, determine what the intermediate state is.

  What took me a little while to understand is that, for a single block command like 'help', you can pass
  in any ciphertext. This ciphertext will be decrypted to some intermediate state, it doesn't really matter 
  what it is, and if you've determined what this state is from the above method, you can then vary the
  IV to produce whatever plaintext output you want. 

  Things get a bit more complicated when the number of blocks > 1. What I did in this case is work from 
  the end of the message forward. So:

		1) choose any initial ciphertext and determine what its intermediate state is
		2) after you know this, you can choose the IV to give you your desired plaintext.
		3) since you're going from the end of the message forward, the IV you chose is also
		   the ciphertext of the previous block. 
		4) pass this ciphertext (which was the IV you just found) through the decryption 
		   block finding its intermediate state.
		5) determine what IV you need to get your desired plaintext from this
		   block, and essentially, continue this method till you run out of blocks.
		6) after you run out of blocks, concat all the ciphertexts you've found and pass
		   those, along with the last IV you found, to the server and it'll decrypt
		   to the full plaintext you want.

- You could do something very similar to above. Vary the IVs you pass to the server, slowly finding the 
  intermediate state of the msg. If the message is only one block, XOR the intermediate state with the
  IV that you've intercepted to get the message. 

  If the message has > 1 block, then simply repeat the attack with the second block, and once you've found
  the intermediate state, XOR this block with the first block's ciphertext (as opposed to the IV which you used previously).
  Then repeat until you're out of blocks.
	
